Version-1.8-README (#434)
KxSystems/kx-vscode: README.md

![Edit Insights connection](https://github.com/KxSystems/kx-vscode/blob/main/img/edit-insights-conn-form.png?raw=true)

### Import/Export Connection Configuration

The import/export connection feature allows you to import and export connections in JSON format from the VSCode IDE without having to create them manually.

![Import Export](https://github.com/KxSystems/kx-vscode/blob/main/img/impex.png?raw=true)

To import a connection:

1. Open the Command Palette (Ctrl+Shift+P) and type the command to open the connection configuration for the installed database extension OR click the three dots (…) next to the Refresh button in the Connections window

> 2. Select Import Connections

Reviewer: Import Connections should be in bold

Reviewer 2: Solved

3. Navigate to the location of the configuration file, such as a JSON file that contains the connection details, and select it
4. Review the imported connection for accuracy

> 5. Confirm the importTo export a connection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Confirm the import

To export a connection:
```

Reviewer 2: Solved

> 6. Open the Command Palette (Ctrl+Shift+P) and type the command to manage connection configurations for the installed database extension OR click the three dots (…) next to the Refresh button in the Connections window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the Command Palette (Ctrl+Shift+P) and type the command to manage connection configurations for the installed database extension OR click the three dots (…) next to the Refresh button in the Connections window
```

Reviewer 2: Solved

> 7. Select Export Connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select Export Connections
```

Reviewer 2: Solved

> 8. Choose the connection(s) you want to export

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose the connection(s) you want to export
```

Reviewer 2: Solved

> 9. Specify the format and location for the exported configuration file. For example, JSON, YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Specify the format and location for the exported configuration file. For example, JSON, YAML.
```

Reviewer 2: Solved

> 10. Confirm the export action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Confirm the export action.
```

Reviewer 2: Solved

To verify the export is successful navigate to the saved location and open the configuration file to check its contents.

To connect to the database, select the newly imported connection from the list of available connections and initiate the connection to the database. You can run a simple query or command to verify the connection is successful.

Note: If the imported connection has the same name as an existing connection, you will see a notification in the bottom right corner prompting you to either duplicate, overwrite, or cancel the import.

> To export a connection:

Reviewer: Lines 315 to 323 can be deleted as they are a copy of above

Reviewer 2: Solved

| **Hide subscription to newsletter after first install**        | yes/no; default no                                                  |
| **Insights Enterprise Connections for Explorer**               | [edit JSON settings](#insights-enterprise-connections-for-explorer) |
| **Linting**                                                    | Enable linting for q and quke files                                 |
| **Refactoring**                                                | Choose refactoring scope                                            |
| **QHOME directory for q runtime**                              | Display location path of q installation                             |
| **Servers**                                                    | [edit JSON settings](#servers)                                      |

### Refactoring

> Refactorings such as renaming are by default applied to all files in the workspace. You can preview the changes before applying them and select the files to apply the refactoring by pressing **ctrl** or **command** key before the action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, refactorings like renaming are applied to all files in the workspace. You can preview the changes before applying them and select specific files to apply the refactoring by pressing the **ctrl** or **command** key before executing the action.
```

![Preview](https://github.com/KxSystems/kx-vscode/blob/main/img/preview.png?raw=true)

> If you only need to apply the refactorings for the currently opened files, refactoring option **Window** can be selected instead of **Workspace**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you only need to apply the refactorings to the currently opened files, you can select **Window** instead of **Workspace** for the refactoring option:
```

| **Hide subscription to newsletter after first install**        | yes/no; default no                                                  |
| **Insights Enterprise Connections for Explorer**               | [edit JSON settings](#insights-enterprise-connections-for-explorer) |
| **Linting**                                                    | Enable linting for q and quke files                                 |

> | **Refactoring**                                                | Choose refactoring scope                                            |

Reviewer: Do we need any documentation on this new option?

Author: Added refactoring doc.
